SPECIAL FUNCTIONS
     Certain functions, if defined, have special meaning to the shell.

   Hook Functions
     For the functions below, it is possible to define an array that has the
     same name as the function with ‘_functions' appended.  Any element in such
     an array is taken as the name of a function to execute; it is executed in
     the same context and with the same arguments and same initial value of $?
     as the basic function.  For example, if $chpwd_functions is an array
     containing the values ‘mychpwd', ‘chpwd_save_dirstack', then the shell
     attempts to execute the functions ‘chpwd', ‘mychpwd' and
     ‘chpwd_save_dirstack', in that order.  Any function that does not exist is
     silently ignored.  A function found by this mechanism is referred to
     elsewhere as a hook function.  An error in any function causes subsequent
     functions not to be run.  Note further that an error in a precmd hook
     causes an immediately following periodic function not to run (though it
     may run at the next opportunity).

     chpwd  Executed whenever the current working directory is changed.

     periodic
            If the parameter PERIOD is set, this function is executed every
            $PERIOD seconds, just before a prompt.  Note that if multiple
            functions are defined using the array periodic_functions only one
            period is applied to the complete set of functions, and the
            scheduled time is not reset if the list of functions is altered.
            Hence the set of functions is always called together.

     precmd
            Executed before each prompt.  Note that precommand functions are
            not re-executed simply because the command line is redrawn, as
            happens, for example, when a notification about an exiting job is
            displayed.

     preexec
            Executed just after a command has been read and is about to be
            executed.  If the history mechanism is active (regardless of
            whether the line was discarded from the history buffer), the string
            that the user typed is passed as the first argument, otherwise it
            is an empty string.  The actual command that will be executed
            (including expanded aliases) is passed in two different forms: the
            second argument is a single-line, size-limited version of the
            command (with things like function bodies elided); the third
            argument contains the full text that is being executed.

     zshaddhistory
            Executed when a history line has been read interactively, but
            before it is executed.  The sole argument is the complete history
            line (so that any terminating newline will still be present).

            If any of the hook functions returns status 1 (or any non-zero
            value other than 2, though this is not guaranteed for future
            versions of the shell) the history line will not be saved, although
            it lingers in the history until the next line is executed, allowing
            you to reuse or edit it immediately.

            If any of the hook functions returns status 2 the history line will
            be saved on the internal history list, but not written to the
            history file.  In case of a conflict, the first non-zero status
            value is taken.

            A hook function may call ‘fc -p ...' to switch the history context
            so that the history is saved in a different file from that in the
            global HISTFILE parameter.  This is handled specially: the history
            context is automatically restored after the processing of the
            history line is finished.

            The following example function works with one of the options
            INC_APPEND_HISTORY or SHARE_HISTORY set, in order that the line is
            written out immediately after the history entry is added.  It first
            adds the history line to the normal history with the newline
            stripped, which is usually the correct behaviour.  Then it switches
            the history context so that the line will be written to a history
            file in the current directory.

                   zshaddhistory() {
                     print -sr -- ${1%%$'\n'}
                     fc -p .zsh_local_history
                   }

     zshexit
            Executed at the point where the main shell is about to exit
            normally.  This is not called by exiting subshells, nor when the
            exec precommand modifier is used before an external command.  Also,
            unlike TRAPEXIT, it is not called when functions exit.

   Trap Functions
     The functions below are treated specially but do not have corresponding
     hook arrays.

     TRAPNAL
            If defined and non-null, this function will be executed whenever
            the shell catches a signal SIGNAL, where NAL is a signal name as
            specified for the kill builtin.  The signal number will be passed
            as the first parameter to the function.

            If a function of this form is defined and null, the shell and
            processes spawned by it will ignore SIGNAL.

            The return status from the function is handled specially.  If it is
            zero, the signal is assumed to have been handled, and execution
            continues normally.  Otherwise, the shell will behave as
            interrupted except that the return status of the trap is retained.

            Programs terminated by uncaught signals typically return the status
            128 plus the signal number.  Hence the following causes the handler
            for SIGINT to print a message, then mimic the usual effect of the
            signal.

                   TRAPINT() {
                     print "Caught SIGINT, aborting."
                     return $(( 128 + $1 ))
                   }

            The functions TRAPZERR, TRAPDEBUG and TRAPEXIT are never executed
            inside other traps.

     TRAPDEBUG
            If the option DEBUG_BEFORE_CMD is set (as it is by default),
            executed before each command; otherwise executed after each
            command.  See the description of the trap builtin in zshbuiltins(1)
            for details of additional features provided in debug traps.

     TRAPEXIT
            Executed when the shell exits, or when the current function exits
            if defined inside a function.  The value of $? at the start of
            execution is the exit status of the shell or the return status of
            the function exiting.

     TRAPZERR
            Executed whenever a command has a non-zero exit status.  However,
            the function is not executed if the command occurred in a sublist
            followed by ‘&&' or ‘||'; only the final command in a sublist of
            this type causes the trap to be executed.  The function TRAPERR
            acts the same as TRAPZERR on systems where there is no SIGERR (this
            is the usual case).

     The functions beginning ‘TRAP' may alternatively be defined with the trap
     builtin:  this may be preferable for some uses.  Setting a trap with one
     form removes any trap of the other form for the same signal; removing a
     trap in either form removes all traps for the same signal.  The forms

            TRAPNAL() {
             # code
            }

     ('function traps') and

            trap '
             # code
            ' NAL

     ('list traps') are equivalent in most ways, the exceptions being the
     following:

     •      Function traps have all the properties of normal functions,
            appearing in the list of functions and being called with their own
            function context rather than the context where the trap was
            triggered.

     •      The return status from function traps is special, whereas a return
            from a list trap causes the surrounding context to return with the
            given status.

     •      Function traps are not reset within subshells, in accordance with
            zsh behaviour; list traps are reset, in accordance with POSIX
            behaviour.

