ALIASING
     Every eligible word in the shell input is checked to see if there is an
     alias defined for it.  If so, it is replaced by the text of the alias if
     it is in command position (if it could be the first word of a simple
     command), or if the alias is global.  If the replacement text ends with a
     space, the next word in the shell input is always eligible for purposes of
     alias expansion.

     It is an error for the function name, word, in the sh-compatible function
     definition syntax ‘word () ...' to be a word that resulted from alias
     expansion, unless the ALIAS_FUNC_DEF option is set.

     An alias is defined using the alias builtin; global aliases may be defined
     using the -g option to that builtin.

     A word is defined as:

     •      Any plain string or glob pattern

     •      Any quoted string, using any quoting method (note that the quotes
            must be part of the alias definition for this to be eligible)

     •      Any parameter reference or command substitution

     •      Any series of the foregoing, concatenated without whitespace or
            other tokens between them

     •      Any reserved word (case, do, else, etc.)

     •      With global aliasing, any command separator, any redirection
            operator, and ‘(' or ‘)' when not part of a glob pattern

     Alias expansion is done on the shell input before any other expansion
     except history expansion.  Therefore, if an alias is defined for the word
     foo, alias expansion may be avoided by quoting part of the word, e.g.
     \foo.  Any form of quoting works, although there is nothing to prevent an
     alias being defined for the quoted form such as \foo as well.

     In particular, note that quoting must be used when using unalias to remove
     global aliases:

            % alias -g foo=bar
            % unalias foo
            unalias: no such hash table element: bar
            % unalias \foo
            %

     When POSIX_ALIASES is set, only plain unquoted strings are eligible for
     aliasing.  The alias builtin does not reject ineligible aliases, but they
     are not expanded.

     For use with completion, which would remove an initial backslash followed
     by a character that isn't special, it may be more convenient to quote the
     word by starting with a single quote, i.e. 'foo; completion will
     automatically add the trailing single quote.

   Alias difficulties
     Although aliases can be used in ways that bend normal shell syntax, not
     every string of non-white-space characters can be used as an alias.

     Any set of characters not listed as a word above is not a word, hence no
     attempt is made to expand it as an alias, no matter how it is defined
     (i.e. via the builtin or the special parameter aliases described in the
     section THE ZSH/PARAMETER MODULE in zshmodules(1)).  However, as noted in
     the case of POSIX_ALIASES above, the shell does not attempt to deduce
     whether the string corresponds to a word at the time the alias is created.

     For example, an expression containing an = at the start of a command line
     is an assignment and cannot be expanded as an alias; a lone = is not an
     assignment but can only be set as an alias using the parameter, as
     otherwise the = is taken part of the syntax of the builtin command.

     It is not presently possible to alias the ‘((' token that introduces
     arithmetic expressions, because until a full statement has been parsed, it
     cannot be distinguished from two consecutive ‘(' tokens introducing nested
     subshells.  Also, if a separator such as && is aliased, \&& turns into the
     two tokens \& and &, each of which may have been aliased separately.
     Similarly for \<<, \>|, etc.

     There is a commonly encountered problem with aliases illustrated by the
     following code:

            alias echobar='echo bar'; echobar

     This prints a message that the command echobar could not be found.  This
     happens because aliases are expanded when the code is read in; the entire
     line is read in one go, so that when echobar is executed it is too late to
     expand the newly defined alias.  This is often a problem in shell scripts,
     functions, and code executed with ‘source' or ‘.'.  Consequently, use of
     functions rather than aliases is recommended in non-interactive code.

