AUTOLOADING FUNCTIONS
     A function can be marked as undefined using the autoload builtin (or
     ‘functions -u' or ‘typeset -fu').  Such a function has no body.  When the
     function is first executed, the shell searches for its definition using
     the elements of the fpath variable.  Thus to define functions for
     autoloading, a typical sequence is:

            fpath=(~/myfuncs $fpath)
            autoload myfunc1 myfunc2 ...

     The usual alias expansion during reading will be suppressed if the
     autoload builtin or its equivalent is given the option -U. This is
     recommended for the use of functions supplied with the zsh distribution.
     Note that for functions precompiled with the zcompile builtin command the
     flag -U must be provided when the .zwc file is created, as the
     corresponding information is compiled into the latter.

     For each element in fpath, the shell looks for three possible files, the
     newest of which is used to load the definition for the function:

     element.zwc
            A file created with the zcompile builtin command, which is expected
            to contain the definitions for all functions in the directory named
            element.  The file is treated in the same manner as a directory
            containing files for functions and is searched for the definition
            of the function.   If the definition is not found, the search for a
            definition proceeds with the other two possibilities described
            below.

            If element already includes a .zwc extension (i.e. the extension
            was explicitly given by the user), element is searched for the
            definition of the function without comparing its age to that of
            other files; in fact, there does not need to be any directory named
            element without the suffix.  Thus including an element such as
            ‘/usr/local/funcs.zwc' in fpath will speed up the search for
            functions, with the disadvantage that functions included must be
            explicitly recompiled by hand before the shell notices any changes.

     element/function.zwc
            A file created with zcompile, which is expected to contain the
            definition for function.  It may include other function definitions
            as well, but those are neither loaded nor executed; a file found in
            this way is searched only for the definition of function.

     element/function
            A file of zsh command text, taken to be the definition for
            function.

     In summary, the order of searching is, first, in the parents of
     directories in fpath for the newer of either a compiled directory or a
     directory in fpath; second, if more than one of these contains a
     definition for the function that is sought, the leftmost in the fpath is
     chosen; and third, within a directory, the newer of either a compiled
     function or an ordinary function definition is used.

     If the KSH_AUTOLOAD option is set, or the file contains only a simple
     definition of the function, the file's contents will be executed.  This
     will normally define the function in question, but may also perform
     initialization, which is executed in the context of the function
     execution, and may therefore define local parameters.  It is an error if
     the function is not defined by loading the file.

     Otherwise, the function body (with no surrounding ‘funcname() {...}') is
     taken to be the complete contents of the file.  This form allows the file
     to be used directly as an executable shell script.  If processing of the
     file results in the function being re-defined, the function itself is not
     re-executed.  To force the shell to perform initialization and then call
     the function defined, the file should contain initialization code (which
     will be executed then discarded) in addition to a complete function
     definition (which will be retained for subsequent calls to the function),
     and a call to the shell function, including any arguments, at the end.

     For example, suppose the autoload file func contains

            func() { print This is func; }
            print func is initialized

     then ‘func; func' with KSH_AUTOLOAD set will produce both messages on the
     first call, but only the message ‘This is func' on the second and
     subsequent calls.  Without KSH_AUTOLOAD set, it will produce the
     initialization message on the first call, and the other message on the
     second and subsequent calls.

     It is also possible to create a function that is not marked as autoloaded,
     but which loads its own definition by searching fpath, by using ‘autoload
     -X' within a shell function.  For example, the following are equivalent:

            myfunc() {
              autoload -X
            }
            myfunc args...

     and

            unfunction myfunc   # if myfunc was defined
            autoload myfunc
            myfunc args...

     In fact, the functions command outputs ‘builtin autoload -X' as the body
     of an autoloaded function.  This is done so that

            eval "$(functions)"

     produces a reasonable result.  A true autoloaded function can be
     identified by the presence of the comment ‘# undefined' in the body,
     because all comments are discarded from defined functions.

     To load the definition of an autoloaded function myfunc without executing
     myfunc, use:

            autoload +X myfunc

