     The functions below are treated specially but do not have corresponding
     hook arrays.

     TRAPNAL
            If defined and non-null, this function will be executed whenever
            the shell catches a signal SIGNAL, where NAL is a signal name as
            specified for the kill builtin.  The signal number will be passed
            as the first parameter to the function.

            If a function of this form is defined and null, the shell and
            processes spawned by it will ignore SIGNAL.

            The return status from the function is handled specially.  If it is
            zero, the signal is assumed to have been handled, and execution
            continues normally.  Otherwise, the shell will behave as
            interrupted except that the return status of the trap is retained.

            Programs terminated by uncaught signals typically return the status
            128 plus the signal number.  Hence the following causes the handler
            for SIGINT to print a message, then mimic the usual effect of the
            signal.

                   TRAPINT() {
                     print "Caught SIGINT, aborting."
                     return $(( 128 + $1 ))
                   }

            The functions TRAPZERR, TRAPDEBUG and TRAPEXIT are never executed
            inside other traps.

     TRAPDEBUG
            If the option DEBUG_BEFORE_CMD is set (as it is by default),
            executed before each command; otherwise executed after each
            command.  See the description of the trap builtin in zshbuiltins(1)
            for details of additional features provided in debug traps.

     TRAPEXIT
            Executed when the shell exits, or when the current function exits
            if defined inside a function.  The value of $? at the start of
            execution is the exit status of the shell or the return status of
            the function exiting.

     TRAPZERR
            Executed whenever a command has a non-zero exit status.  However,
            the function is not executed if the command occurred in a sublist
            followed by ‘&&' or ‘||'; only the final command in a sublist of
            this type causes the trap to be executed.  The function TRAPERR
            acts the same as TRAPZERR on systems where there is no SIGERR (this
            is the usual case).

     The functions beginning ‘TRAP' may alternatively be defined with the trap
     builtin:  this may be preferable for some uses.  Setting a trap with one
     form removes any trap of the other form for the same signal; removing a
     trap in either form removes all traps for the same signal.  The forms

            TRAPNAL() {
             # code
            }

     ('function traps') and

            trap '
             # code
            ' NAL

     ('list traps') are equivalent in most ways, the exceptions being the
     following:

     •      Function traps have all the properties of normal functions,
            appearing in the list of functions and being called with their own
            function context rather than the context where the trap was
            triggered.

     •      The return status from function traps is special, whereas a return
            from a list trap causes the surrounding context to return with the
            given status.

     •      Function traps are not reset within subshells, in accordance with
            zsh behaviour; list traps are reset, in accordance with POSIX
            behaviour.

