     Every eligible word in the shell input is checked to see if there is an
     alias defined for it.  If so, it is replaced by the text of the alias if
     it is in command position (if it could be the first word of a simple
     command), or if the alias is global.  If the replacement text ends with a
     space, the next word in the shell input is always eligible for purposes of
     alias expansion.

     It is an error for the function name, word, in the sh-compatible function
     definition syntax ‘word () ...' to be a word that resulted from alias
     expansion, unless the ALIAS_FUNC_DEF option is set.

     An alias is defined using the alias builtin; global aliases may be defined
     using the -g option to that builtin.

     A word is defined as:

     •      Any plain string or glob pattern

     •      Any quoted string, using any quoting method (note that the quotes
            must be part of the alias definition for this to be eligible)

     •      Any parameter reference or command substitution

     •      Any series of the foregoing, concatenated without whitespace or
            other tokens between them

     •      Any reserved word (case, do, else, etc.)

     •      With global aliasing, any command separator, any redirection
            operator, and ‘(' or ‘)' when not part of a glob pattern

     Alias expansion is done on the shell input before any other expansion
     except history expansion.  Therefore, if an alias is defined for the word
     foo, alias expansion may be avoided by quoting part of the word, e.g.
     \foo.  Any form of quoting works, although there is nothing to prevent an
     alias being defined for the quoted form such as \foo as well.

     In particular, note that quoting must be used when using unalias to remove
     global aliases:

            % alias -g foo=bar
            % unalias foo
            unalias: no such hash table element: bar
            % unalias \foo
            %

     When POSIX_ALIASES is set, only plain unquoted strings are eligible for
     aliasing.  The alias builtin does not reject ineligible aliases, but they
     are not expanded.

     For use with completion, which would remove an initial backslash followed
     by a character that isn't special, it may be more convenient to quote the
     word by starting with a single quote, i.e. 'foo; completion will
     automatically add the trailing single quote.

