     BEEP (+B) <D>
            Beep on error in ZLE.

     COMBINING_CHARS
            Assume that the terminal displays combining characters correctly.
            Specifically, if a base alphanumeric character is followed by one
            or more zero-width punctuation characters, assume that the
            zero-width characters will be displayed as modifications to the
            base character within the same width.  Not all terminals handle
            this.  If this option is not set, zero-width characters are
            displayed separately with special mark-up.

            If this option is set, the pattern test [[:WORD:]] matches a
            zero-width punctuation character on the assumption that it will be
            used as part of a word in combination with a word character.
            Otherwise the base shell does not handle combining characters
            specially.

     EMACS  If ZLE is loaded, turning on this option has the equivalent effect
            of ‘bindkey -e'.  In addition, the VI option is unset.  Turning it
            off has no effect.  The option setting is not guaranteed to reflect
            the current keymap.  This option is provided for compatibility;
            bindkey is the recommended interface.

     OVERSTRIKE
            Start up the line editor in overstrike mode.

     SINGLE_LINE_ZLE (-M) <K>
            Use single-line command line editing instead of multi-line.

            Note that although this is on by default in ksh emulation it only
            provides superficial compatibility with the ksh line editor and
            reduces the effectiveness of the zsh line editor.  As it has no
            effect on shell syntax, many users may wish to disable this option
            when using ksh emulation interactively.

     VI     If ZLE is loaded, turning on this option has the equivalent effect
            of ‘bindkey -v'.  In addition, the EMACS option is unset.  Turning
            it off has no effect.  The option setting is not guaranteed to
            reflect the current keymap.  This option is provided for
            compatibility; bindkey is the recommended interface.

     ZLE (-Z)
            Use the zsh line editor.  Set by default in interactive shells
            connected to a terminal.

