     INTERACTIVE (-i, ksh: -i)
            This is an interactive shell.  This option is set upon
            initialisation if the standard input is a tty and commands are
            being read from standard input.  (See the discussion of
            SHIN_STDIN.)  This heuristic may be overridden by specifying a
            state for this option on the command line.  The value of this
            option can only be changed via flags supplied at invocation of the
            shell.  It cannot be changed once zsh is running.

     LOGIN (-l, ksh: -l)
            This is a login shell.  If this option is not explicitly set, the
            shell becomes a login shell if the first character of the argv[0]
            passed to the shell is a ‘-'.

     PRIVILEGED (-p, ksh: -p)
            Turn on privileged mode. Typically this is used when script is to
            be run with elevated privileges. This should be done as follows
            directly with the -p option to zsh so that it takes effect during
            startup.

                   #!/bin/zsh -p

            The option is enabled automatically on startup if the effective
            user (group) ID is not equal to the real user (group) ID. In this
            case, turning the option off causes the effective user and group
            IDs to be set to the real user and group IDs. Be aware that if that
            fails the shell may be running with different IDs than was intended
            so a script should check for failure and act accordingly, for
            example:

                   unsetopt privileged || exit

            The PRIVILEGED option disables sourcing user startup files.  If zsh
            is invoked as ‘sh' or ‘ksh' with this option set, /etc/suid_profile
            is sourced (after /etc/profile on interactive shells). Sourcing
            ~/.profile is disabled and the contents of the ENV variable is
            ignored. This option cannot be changed using the -m option of
            setopt and unsetopt, and changing it inside a function always
            changes it globally regardless of the LOCAL_OPTIONS option.

     RESTRICTED (-r)
            Enables restricted mode.  This option cannot be changed using
            unsetopt, and setting it inside a function always changes it
            globally regardless of the LOCAL_OPTIONS option.  See the section
            ‘Restricted Shell'.

     SHIN_STDIN (-s, ksh: -s)
            Commands are being read from the standard input.  Commands are read
            from standard input if no command is specified with -c and no file
            of commands is specified.  If SHIN_STDIN is set explicitly on the
            command line, any argument that would otherwise have been taken as
            a file to run will instead be treated as a normal positional
            parameter.  Note that setting or unsetting this option on the
            command line does not necessarily affect the state the option will
            have while the shell is running - that is purely an indicator of
            whether or not commands are actually being read from standard
            input.  The value of this option can only be changed via flags
            supplied at invocation of the shell.  It cannot be changed once zsh
            is running.

     SINGLE_COMMAND (-t, ksh: -t)
            If the shell is reading from standard input, it exits after a
            single command has been executed.  This also makes the shell
            non-interactive, unless the INTERACTIVE option is explicitly set on
            the command line.  The value of this option can only be changed via
            flags supplied at invocation of the shell.  It cannot be changed
            once zsh is running.

