     A parameter has a name, a value, and a number of attributes.  A name may
     be any sequence of alphanumeric characters and underscores, or the single
     characters ‘*', ‘@', ‘#', ‘?', ‘-', ‘$', or ‘!'.  A parameter whose name
     begins with an alphanumeric or underscore is also referred to as a
     variable.

     The attributes of a parameter determine the type of its value, often
     referred to as the parameter type or variable type, and also control other
     processing that may be applied to the value when it is referenced.  The
     value type may be a scalar (a string, an integer, or a floating point
     number), an array (indexed numerically), or an associative array (an
     unordered set of name-value pairs, indexed by name, also referred to as a
     hash).

     Named scalar parameters may have the exported, -x, attribute, to copy them
     into the process environment, which is then passed from the shell to any
     new processes that it starts.  Exported parameters are called environment
     variables. The shell also imports environment variables at startup time
     and automatically marks the corresponding parameters as exported.  Some
     environment variables are not imported for reasons of security or because
     they would interfere with the correct operation of other shell features.

     Parameters may also be special, that is, they have a predetermined meaning
     to the shell.  Special parameters cannot have their type changed or their
     readonly attribute turned off, and if a special parameter is unset, then
     later recreated, the special properties will be retained.

     To declare the type of a parameter, or to assign a string or numeric value
     to a scalar parameter, use the typeset builtin.

     The value of a scalar parameter may also be assigned by writing:

            name=value

     In scalar assignment, value is expanded as a single string, in which the
     elements of arrays are joined together; filename expansion is not
     performed unless the option GLOB_ASSIGN is set.

     When the integer attribute, -i, or a floating point attribute, -E or -F,
     is set for name, the value is subject to arithmetic evaluation.
     Furthermore, by replacing ‘=' with ‘+=', a parameter can be incremented or
     appended to.  See the section ‘Array Parameters' and Arithmetic Evaluation
     (in zshmisc(1)) for additional forms of assignment.

     Note that assignment may implicitly change the attributes of a parameter.
     For example, assigning a number to a variable in arithmetic evaluation may
     change its type to integer or float, and with GLOB_ASSIGN assigning a
     pattern to a variable may change its type to an array.

     To reference the value of a parameter, write ‘$name' or ‘${name}'.  See
     Parameter Expansion in zshexpn(1) for complete details.  That section also
     explains the effect of the difference between scalar and array assignment
     on parameter expansion.

